 according to 1884 statistics, the british 97-32-year-old man, who had a property, must pay tax.
 it would be possible for the implementation of the provisions of the convention to be incorporated into or into national legislation.
 during the 1 quarter of the country's demand, the performance of economic performance during the 1 quarter of 1993 was weak.
 the department of peacekeeping operations accepted this recommendation and noted that candidates should be included in the recruitment of candidates after the consultation exercise.
 the 1 step in the 2 phase of the methodology requires the establishment of grade grades as a basis for remuneration.
 in view of the gradual development of china's tourism market, analysts believe that prices of price prices may continue to rise.
 in fact, the current vacancy rate of the market stalls in the shopping market and street stalls is the highest peak for 5 years.
 the situation of peace-keeping is the most difficult to predict, since it is expected that the assumptions that have undergone significant changes in the year.
 it is important to take care of the intentions of the country, rather than instrumental form.
 a spokesman for israel, a spokesman for israel, was a spokesman for the occupying forces.
 some of us believe that it would not be possible to do so if it has been open and transparent.
 this is very useful for member states to know the complexity of the problems dealt with by the court.
 in january 1996, the family planning association was established in january 1996.
 states parties are most appropriate to report to the most critical health problem affecting women affecting women in the country.
 it has been able to exercise the powers of international treaties, so that law and in fact is a subject of international law.
 while the current activities are still limited, the scale of space activity is expected to be expanded.
 it is therefore necessary to conduct an investigation into the facts.
 there is a need for adequate and predictable resources.
 the international community should be allowed to understand that the international community is the result of the council's decisions and actions.
 it is not possible for parents to distrust the responsibility of the responsibilities to the school and the teachers.
 " i am pleased to see that one country, two systems, two systems, and hong kong people enjoy the fruits of this system.
 on the list of speakers today, the representative of malaysia, on behalf of the representative of malaysia, will speak on behalf of the group of 21.
 the government understands that the hos scheme must be avoided to compete with private property market and maintain the difference in the sales tax.
 we look forward to the thoroughness of the strengthening of the strengthening of the united nations to guide the thorough consultations with the interested countries.
 in accordance with the provisions of the basic law, the 2 term of the chief executive was elected by the election committee.
 if a person has a security device, he was required to pay at least suitable attention to prevent the use of that device.
 it also established an international e-commerce network, which has been successful in october 1998 with the 1 foreign trade in october 1998.
 in 1996, the annual growth rate of the gross domestic product (gdp) increased by 4.0<unk> to 5.0<unk> in 1996.
 he will visit hong kong in october this year.
 the government of chile, chile, the strongest protests made by the people's republic of china on 8 june 1996.
 for the reasons stated in paragraph 18 above, the panel finds that military volunteers are not compensable.
 the decision should be made by the president of the general assembly with the chairman of the general assembly.
 the long-standing problems of the two countries, as well as in the regular budget of the regular budget, have been unable to cope with the organization.
 present, a member of the panel of experts on the trade dispute between india and the united states.
 the warmth of the warmth of the world's university's university is a new.
 however, the committee noted that the service of the state is not without good benefits.
 in accordance with article 54 of the constitution, the state will establish the necessary institutions and services.
 a spokesman for the treasury said today (december 30) that he would like to use on-line payment to the banks.
 mr tsang expressed his gratitude to the building of marine staff and other interested parties to assist the construction of the boat team.
 okay, let's continue to look at other news.
 at the same time, some of the solutions that have been needed for those groups would require a number of preconditions.
 tropical cyclones warned that the hong kong city has gradually returned to normal.
 it was regrettable that it was regrettable that the draft prepared draft was not in line with the united nations convention on the law of the sea.
 therefore, we believe that the indonesian authorities would be able to solve these problems by the indonesian authorities.
 the official language of the conference included english, russian, french, spanish and spanish, this year.
 in the transactions carried out by local transactions, a total of 16<unk> and 10<unk> and 10 per cent of other local financial institutions and local non-financed clients have been carried out.
 " in the long run, we are planning to construct more multi-storey singletons to build more multi-storey singles.
 it is essential to seek to seek results, which relate to the possibility of multilateral cooperation in the future.
 the culprit was subsequently arrested and sentenced to theft.
 concern was expressed about the lack of donor fatigue disorders in the region.
 the prosecutor had issued a verdict of appeal against him, so the chamber was transferred to france.
 the trend towards the economic progress caused by these countries to the promotion of economic progress and the protection of social stability has caused us deep concern.
 the week is one or seven days.
 our socialist countries, through the united nations, through the united nations, have entered the world and with the countries of south-south europe.
 3, emphasis was placed on local, enterprise and public participation in sustainable development strategies.
 the united nations can play a crucial role to the development efforts of the developing countries to promote development in developing countries.
 " i don't understand the sword, " i don't understand the sword. "
 (15) international perspectives in respect and thinking.
 it has been 2 months since the terrorist attacks occurred on 11 september.
 the ministry of china's ministry of agriculture said that the prevention of national defence and high-risk bird flu flu flu had been effective.
 chile agrees that the preventive deployment of united nations peacekeeping forces could prevent a violent situation in preventing conflicts.
 but at this critical juncture, the coalition against terror must clearly recognize and recognize their enemy.
 i hope that the executive can make a dialogue with different voices.
 a spokesman for the 1 speaker, speaking on the african group, commended the efforts made by unifem for its response.
 the chinese government intends to start a final plan next year to build up 13 coal in the country.
 on the other hand, the city of guang kei river, which is the city of keelung river, will take a way to modernize the path.
 as part of the day-to-day supervision work, the hkma will continue to monitor the credit card operating of authorised institutions.
 in our country, the arab language is the 2 largest official language.
 university leaders and teachers.
 the credentials of representatives shall be issued by the head of state or government or by the minister for foreign affairs.
 the contents of the contents of the contents are enriched in detail on the social and social dimensions of many citizens.
 the overwhelming majority of the member states indicated that they have expressed their preferences to increase the permanent membership of the council and the membership of a permanent member.
 customers can be sold out in the six months after the issuance of the special stamps.
 in conjunction with mr wong's visit to the visit, the deputy secretary for education and the education department and the education department and education department.
 in 1977 she began to create an non-profit-for-profit consortium.
 it is not easy to determine the extent to which the electors and electoral campaigns could be determined by the judge.
 the united nations member states of the united nations have declared its intention to restore the nuclear tests in the pacific.
 the graduation age is 15 years of age.
 the service cost is $ 20 each.
 the bulldozers bulldozed, in many cases, and even residents of the population.
 these actions can be the police, armed forces, law enforcement officials, law enforcement officials, and the public and the public.
 in fact, i went to belgium to contact the relevant persons in europe.
 at present, a rapid change in the concept of sovereignty and implementation of the national sovereignty, the right of self-determination, national security and peace.
 such a search can be facilitated by means to identify the real responsibility for the presence of space objects.
 at the 1st meeting, on 14 january, a statement was made by the co-chairmen of the co-chairmen of the co-chairmen of the co-chairmen.
 the committee affirms the need for the strengthening of the nation-building process to consolidate the rule of law, democracy and civil society.
 the conference urges the conference on disarmament to agree on a programme of work, including the immediate establishment of this body.
 the israeli army has been damaged and the israeli army was deployed to stop.
 the structure of the text is more stepping up, and the content of the text is even more transparent.
 this sustained high price prices, not only the ordinary people of the people, but also given high priority to the government authorities and experts.
 he didn't talk about it. let's take a look at the heart.
 we can never be heard of the valuable views of the professional knowledge of the profession.
 as the saying goes, " we do not have a mistake.
 it is expected that the great majority of the national party's party is expected to be accelerated by the democratic party's democratic party.
 during the days of the days of the temple, the temple was a resurgence of the temple.
 the mainland's opening up to taiwan's visit to taiwan is optimistic about taiwan.
 the most common aspects of the existence of a mixed-based jurisdiction are navigational and adoption of the exclusive zone of the sea.
 the spokesman reminded the public to refer to such deceptions. if there is doubt, the spokesman reminded the police to report to the police.
 margaret chan was officially elected the director-general of the world health organization and became the chinese people in the united nations specialized agencies.
 the executive board may wish to take note of the report.
 there is no international convention on extradition in accordance with the international covenant on extradition.
 the universal declaration of human rights, adopted by the united nations general assembly, was adopted by the united nations general assembly on 10 december 1948.
 the committee commends the widespread protection of human rights in the slovenian constitution, in particular to guarantee the human rights of women.
 er, on this, there is no room for the entire world.
 the principle of non-discrimination is therefore a constitutional principle.
 we are celebrating a historic process to which the process is extremely uncertain, and in multiple political difficulties.
 following the government's government gazette, the number of browds from april to november has risen significantly from april to november.
 there are no such cases in the previous case or the present case.
 the state party may wish to deal with the problem in the near future.
 the work of the commission on the work of the commission must depend on its capacity and committees.
 the letter of authorization must be signed by the original school.
 the contract has already signed, working group and the provision of travel services will be reviewed in september 2002.
 however, as you know, we are seeking " quality ". this does not mean that we think it is not important.
 the country has a general view that the international community has nothing to put an end to the conflict.
 one of the requirements of the users is to assess the damage caused by the floods and infrastructures.
 as a result, the government's 1 step promotes the merger of the two exchanges and clearings of hong kong.
 with regard to the mano river, regional offices must assist in implementing the confidence-building measures in september and october in september and october.
 the criminality of the pre-trial crime, and the maximum limits of a crime, the minimum penalty and the maximum limits of the sentence.
 initial enquiries revealed that the bullets were fired by a fire gun.
 at the time of the analysis of the time waiting time, it is generally useful for the applicants to be divided into three categories.
 this is one of the major causes of the spread of the disease.
 in the modern era of life.
 in this way, it would be possible to ensure peace and harmony in harmony and to promote world cultural and cultural development.
 in terms of food prices, i do not know what the business sector can do.
 this will also be able to strengthen the capacity of local production, but also help hong kong to produce service centres in asia. "
 i think that all of us will understand, and we are genuinely celebrating the membership of the united nations.
 as far as good health is concerned, symptoms of symptoms are relatively minor.
 the coordination of related issues is also appropriate.
 in the face of the market in the market, parents may choose to be more effective.
 if the more doubled figures, the consequences are very serious.
 for those vietnamese and laos who cannot be resettled, they will continue to seek voluntary repatriation.
 experience has shown that the new system in 1999 has been working well in the 1999 system.
 at the same time, the moratorium on nuclear testing was essential for the entry into force of the ctbt.
 article 31 of the basic law stipulates that hong kong residents have travel and immigration.
 it was also considered that this could lead to a precedent, leading to all types of vessels which have to be issued.
 right.
 since the government has been aware of the problem, the government will never be able to give legal advice to the public.
 as of august 1997, 34 of china's state-owned enterprises have invested a total of us$ 700000000000 in hong kong.
 to date, the air and land assets of monuc have been transported over 30 tons of relief to goma.
 the committee expresses its appreciation for the challenges posed by the commission to the implementation of the drug law in the 21 century.
 under this approach, the gap between men and women is reflected in the gap between men and women.
 on the other hand, it was impossible for egypt to engage in egypt prior to the 1994 border.
 madam president, the procession, of course, is not a group of people's rights, and not often a political demands.
 delays in the delay will affect the credibility of the issue.
 14. recently, private sector firms and the foundations of the private sector have increased significantly in cooperation with the united nations.
 there are no other views <unk>
 i am extremely excited.
 there are two types of identity cards, one of which is to be sent to the residents.
 as the time is limited, i cannot do all the services of all services.
 this is a matter of concern to the recent developments in hong kong's recent developments in hong kong.
 part of the models include the development of the models of the persian gulf of the gulf gulf, and a model of migregation.
 9 percentage points of growth were changes in currency exchange rates.
 the typical illicit arms transactions are carried out in place from the import and export of arms.
 the united kingdom does not tolerate the financial system of switzerland to use the swiss financial system to do so in the future.
 most of the jobs are available for holding a diplomat or a degree of graduates with a monthly salary of 8000 to $ 16000.
 the value of the project completed in the 3 quarter of 1999 is set out in tables.
 as to the details of the commission's functions, please see the law of the financial and capital markets commission.
 it is hoped that the programmes in the near future are in the near future.
 civil society in the commonwealth is an official complement and support from the commonwealth official activities.
 the chinese delegation is of the view that the current international nuclear disarmament efforts are being made at ho ho's 10 cross crossings.
 it is because i have more time to write to the honourable leung, and so i had to give my support.
 in the indian, african and inter-american cultural association believe that the non-demode population should be recognized as minority in argentina.
 " we have planned to conduct a survey on a three-year study in the next three years.
 we are not aware of the chinese side of the chinese side. it is very likely that hong kong officials are the same as the mainland.
 the college was held in new york on 21 and 22 may 2001.
 however, the model law has been formulated by the model law (that is signatory, reliance on party) and certification services.
 as a result, the emergence of capacity-building in the country programme is expected to be low.
 the committee will consider specific topics from a gender perspective.
 " the hksar has enthusiastically supported the wto as soon as possible.
 in the sub-saharan africa, for example, there are only a telephone telephone.
 the media must respect the dignity and reputation of both persons and institutions.
 the israeli authorities also closed several days in the gaza strip and egypt, which had been closed for several days.
 as a result of speeding up the unloading process, the cost of transport is reduced, and all departments have benefited from all sectors.
 for example, the " snow-cour " is the same.
 2. 2. the 2. 2 is the ability to absorb knowledge, technical and technical capacity-building.
 she would like to do what we can do.
 to talk about taiwan's children's children, it's very hard to see the impact on them.
 it would be possible to pay the costs of pay for a higher level of compensation.
 in fact, the secretary for housing, the secretary for housing, said that there is no relationship with the reconstruction of the district.
 the commission entrusted a consultant team to provide independent experts to encourage consultants to work in open, transparent and transparent manner.
 i have not seen the eyes of the eyes, but often heard such reports.
 (a) an application application for the cyberport is required to apply for formal application for the cyberport.
 in the movies, the man's " loves ", " says yang yi-man, a young man, " says yang yiman and alexandard.
 the united nations will face the test.
 the director of health, director of health, said that some four years later could reach.
 it is difficult.
 in the department's central institutions, women accounted for more than 50 per cent of existing staff, 1<unk>3 of whom are management positions.
 according to the court, the buyer did not have the obligation to carry out its obligations.
 the national human rights association of the region should have a channel to contact with the commission on human rights with the league of arab states.
 this would be a record of the 509 member states of the draft co-sponsored sponsor of the draft resolution: this will be a real olympic performance.
 iraq has been requested to provide a response in the form of a supplementary report by 16 august 2002.
 the sfc and the financial centre of the sfc will have a commitment to report on the status of hong kong's financial centre.
 the meeting was of the view that the competence of the general assembly is the privileges of the general assembly, rather than the security council.
 visitors will also be able to make a look at the modern civilized civilized modern civilization.
 we set a long goal that hong kong is a city of asia in asia.
 the director of social welfare, mr lam lam-yin, and the fund management committee of the social welfare department, will be distributed to the senior citizens at $ 80.
 the honourable mrs selina chow also proposes to strengthen the use of " juvenile police ".
 the breakthrough was found in overseas markets.
 as to mr lee cheuk-yan's amendment proposed by mr lee cheuk-yan's amendment, i would like to point out that he would like to point out.
 shanghai is a similar situation in the import and export of international trade and export company, zhejiang province and the above-mentioned situation.
 hong kong's hong kong shipping company's business in the mainland can help the operators to comply with economic benefits.
 the government and people of sierra leone, after the eight years of civil war, is a priority of the united states.
 it was said that historically, history is going to repeat.
 the framework for development of the transitional government has shown a useful role in the economic and social development of the country.
 the committee recommends that the state party consider expanding the reference of the employment bureau to encompass all aspects of racial discrimination.
 this is the driving force of the peace process in the democratic republic of the congo and that the international support will be invalid.
 industrialization, however, there is still a need for many work to reduce tariff and non-tariff barriers.
 the representative of costa rica pointed out that the delegation had been very active in a very active manner.
 israel is proud of the age of ancient traditions with the world as a whole.
 <unk> mr choi wai-yin, director of the information services department, will serve as director of information services in january 2002.
 the dancers went to the gods of the flowers, and then throwing the audience.
 the situation in the social spheres of the united nations is the most worrying.
 as a result, there was an urgent need to send the medical hospital.
 the questionnaire has been delivered to all programmes and donor governments, national teams and united nations agencies.
 in addition to the spectacular beauty of the environment, we didn't forget to go to the world.
 the aim is to exert pressure on 3 parties, peace-building in order to secure its war against ethiopia.
 a no. 3 alarm fire broke out today (february 2).
 we plan to introduce a bill in 2004.
 the people of kosovo should not allow the people of the community to be dragging away, and the people of the community should not allow them to look ahead.
 we must not forget that these are public money.
 on the contrary, the university degree in hong kong will increase in the coming year.
 recently, i have recently visited the general assembly to attend the residents.
 a copy of these written statements shall be submitted to the prosecutor or the person to the other.
 he said that james soong was able to meet the 1 stop in xi'an on may 5.
 the committee has also provided additional information to the mission during the reporting period.
 a major train explosion occurred on the part of north korea's north of north.
 the activities of the special rapporteur also include a broad description of representatives from civil society, non-governmental organizations, lawyers and journalists.
 there is a great deal of thinking and speech by the people of hong kong to help the people of hong kong.
 however, international trafficking is also involved in other fields, including a clothing industry, agriculture and construction.
 my own is not a community, but i have often heard religious spirits.
 therefore, before the establishment of the sar government, only the chinese government will only be eligible for the future sar government.
 we need to assess the impact of elections to the administrative structures and the legislative council. "
 okay, thank you, mr. qiu zhenzhen.
 as a matter of fact, we have set out some of its provisions in the implementation of the provisions of the mine-clearance activities.
 he further noted that the volume of trade in latin america was 12 per cent annually.
 the number of unemployed persons decreased to 19.3 million, and a period of four years to the following four years.
 the import and export bank of the united states has provided funding for us$ 17800000000 in the world market.
 a two informal ministerial meeting will be held on wednesday, 5 june and june 6, 6 june.
 at present, the government is considering an act on the issue of pollution on the old site of the salvage.
 the office was proposed to establish 36 posts, 18 posts, and 18 posts were paid to the regular budget.
 in taiwan, his " 3 route " is the main reference of the chen shui-bian government ".
 right, on the double-edged sword, we have zhang charts, eh.
 in addition, the transport department has increased the number of sorties of the daily daily raids, which will increase the number of sorties of the daily 8 to 12.
 as for political and religious freedom, not only included in the constitution but also in other documents.
 i would like to draw the attention of the council members to the problem of external debt in the central african republic.
 if he would like to look at the scene, the meeting was at 30:30 p.m., at 30:30 rooms.
 the record shall be required for 3 years after the last sentence of the record.
 as a result, china has reduced 20000000 people.
 a large number of bangkok people are prepared to be prepared for the year-on-year preparation of the wto in bangkok.
 we fully support similar statements by the secretary-general and other united nations representatives of the united nations.
 during the period, urban taxis can be closed and drop-off in the carpark park and the carpark at ming cheung road.
 the transfer of conventional arms transfers is a transparent measure between sovereign states and the legitimate arms transfer between sovereign states.
 the latest figures show that some local employers have continued to streamline our manpower to further streamline the prospects for economic growth and business prospects.
 it requires social consensus. "
 such punishment only applies only to the citizens of the czech republic and without access to refugee status.
 when i went to the child, i have all along been very serious.
 the commission on human rights and the rights of the people of human rights also attended the international seminar.
 the gender differences and inequalities affecting the gender disparities and inequalities have not been adequate.
 according to the conservative estimate of the environmental protection bureau, it is estimated that these technology applications can reach tens of0000000000 us dollars.
 the government announced today (december 22) to appoint 12 members of the labour advisory board (lab) for a period of two years starting from january next year.
 the 3 category is particularly important for the elderly.
 " the east asian region has always been in the use of financial surpluses in east asia, " he said.
 the swd has contacted the family of chen sheng-ling's family to provide psychological counselling.
 the cost of accommodation for the cost of accommodation is up to 80 per cent.
 these developments have further contributed to strategic changes in the post-cold-war period.
 there appears to be some difficulties in determining the number of refugees in west timor camps in west timor.
 there are almost no local people, and resources have been exhausted.
 it was also agreed that all foreign troops should be withdrawn from the democratic republic of the congo.
 with regard to improving the recruitment of recruitment, remuneration, training and management of the prison guards are also applicable to prison guards.
 " the inspection also found that the bridge is adequate to deal with traffic, utility facilities and other places. "
 after almost 30 years, the concept of common heritage has been included or were reflected in the international conventions.
 the building of the buildings will be covered by the department and the floor floor.
 it is envisaged that all helicopters were deployed before the 1 round of balloting.
 i wish hong kong forever.
 for a long time, a number of manufacturing industries have been a major source of the economic development of the economy.
 therefore, we stress the importance of nuclear powers to the conclusion of the comprehensive test-ban treaty in 1996.
 in contrast, the largest internet service providers in the united states remained only one of 20 users in a network of networking.
 since the opening up of the opening-up and reform of the nation, smes have made a significant contribution to the strategic objectives of the united nations.
 in my country, because of the warming of warmer and high weather, it will be possible for three years to five and 60 centimeters.
 i hope that, in today's meeting, the secretary-general will be able to enjoy the opening of the general assembly hall.
 <unk> there is no provision to allow the guardians to renounce the guardian of the guardians after the appointment.
 for example, the measures agreed to include the implementation of a uniform travel document of the region of the region.
 he is a friend.
 mr howard young: madam president, the problem of unemployment, employment and job-related problems have already been relieved for some time.
 " even if you have access to taiwan, it should not be abandoned, " he says. "
 the draft articles will lose its part's practical roles.
 as a result, the rate of inflation in the last year has been apprehensible.
 this is to say that there is no need to let the mainland china and taiwan veterinary school in hong kong.
 these greek cypriots are 66 years old.
 the high commissioner's economic experts have also raised the same forecast.
 the project could also allow greater public understanding of cultural diversity and to maintain that diversity and interest in this regard.
 in a large number of applications, the government is now studying whether there is a need to increase loan quotas.
 the seizures are conducted in accordance with the code of procedure of the code of criminal procedure.
 as a result, it is the only way that the students ' death to death.
 the provision of basic medical supplies for primary health care is based on the provision of basic medical supplies at unrwa's primary health facilities.
 the change is not only a redistribution scheme.
 as a result of this subject, the meeting was attempting to remind people that there were one person who had been killed or maimed by anti-personnel mines.
 at the time of the neighbouring islands, there was a number of crafts items that have been purchased by crafts.
 motorists are advised to conduct the command and follow-up of police officers at the scene.
 the conclusion of this conclusion was surprising, since the legal adviser had previously been responsible for the unfavourable behaviour of the defence payments to the defence payments.
 with the assistance of ilo, the government of benin is considering expanding the possibility of expansion of the existing social security systems or individual scope.
 the amputation of the amputation of their lives, which affects their activities, work and normal life.
 in 2001, the european union, japan, the united states and a number of developing countries also declined simultaneously.
 after the introduction of this scheme, many colleagues will be able to launch the journey for lifelong lifelong life.
 he was said to be hidden in his father, following his father's written complaint, following his father's written complaint.
 other officers of the narcotics bureau also arrested a 40-year-old man in the vicinity.
 in fact, low-level employment opportunities to low-level services are the lower-level service.
 the project indicates that the current small-scale enterprise funding approach is based on the previous policies of credit subsidies.
 mrs miriam lau just now claimed that the " youth charter charter " is the " youth charter ".
 three men were arrested for conspiracy to deception of the woman.
 they shall be open a step-by-step market in order to formulate monetary, financial, trade and other macroeconomic policies.
 at the level of international moral and international law, it is impossible to support the united states and the united states of war against iraq.
 genuine development concepts should include full respect for all universal universally accepted human rights.
 state practice has shown that the length of the length of the period of option is very large.
 the islamic state of the islamic state of afghanistan looks forward to the security council for its consideration of the agenda of the security council, which could be re-examined.
 countries achieved a large number of people living in poverty, although the asian economic crisis has caused a setback.
 as a result, the countries of the capital have not received funds.
 the role of neighbouring countries in the context of the security and economic spheres.
 the security council expresses its deep concern at the deterioration in and around the republic of croatia.
 in view of the return of warmer weather, nine temporary cold shelters operated by the home affairs department were closed at 4.30 pm today (february 5).
 to this end, we should be committed to achieving a mutually friendly and co-operation between the two generations.
 chen shui-hui found that the development, manufacturing and sales of human beings, and many of the world's famous consumer products.
 the veterinary of the veterinary of the veterinary, who confirmed that all chickens were not infected with avian flu.
 the secretariat analyses a large number of missions survey data, verifying the self-sufficiency of the recommendations.
 if there is a problem of floods in the northwest new territories, we must implement the shenzhen river project.
 the capitalist capitalist of the law and ethics often lead to drug trafficking, organized crime and corruption.
 at the end of the world's work, chen chao-chi made him a series of paintings in the wall.
 the cross-way navigation between the xiamen kin-stander navigation will be shortened to 40 minutes.
 the report reports about the fact that the situation of the palestinian territories has been in a complete manner.
 <unk> don't take a lot of cash or valuable property.
 at least 17 were shots, 38 individuals were killed and killed.
 the working group working with international human rights service, a minority rights group held a seminar on these issues in 1997.
 28 officers of the immigration department and 13 officers were raided in sham shui po in sham shui po.
 accordingly, the contracting authority would be preferable to consider changes in the control of measures.
 economic growth in both developed and developing countries and countries with economies in transition and countries with economies in transition are very important, particularly in developing countries.
 according to the same sources, more than 800 were allegedly killed by armed elements of the nepalian communist party (marima).
 according to paragraph 22 of the law, a person convicted of terrorist acts, under the existing legislation, would have legal liability.
 mr president, when the sili valley refuses to be closed next year, it will be resolved to be resolved.
 in the 1990s, more than 200,000 children have been killed in armed conflict, with a permanent disability or seriously injured.
 " this is a great help to development. "
 basically, it is a tangible commitment on the government's development in the north-west.
 if there is no improvement or impact, the department will have a warning letter to the department's satisfaction.
 the proliferation of hiv <unk> aids in our region is also a source of concern.
 moreover, we have once again been one of the most competitive economies in the world's most and most competitive economies.
 the highways department today (july 20) signed a contract on the construction of a total of $ 680000000000, which was later launched in this month.
 i have taken out the hong kong legislation to refer to the provisions of the basic law.
 thirdly, in the area of non-traditional security in non-traditional security areas.
 in july and july this year, the majority of the major sectors of the major industry and underemployed were stable.
 this is not easy, but if we have a quota system, we can make more people with disabilities.
 in addition, australia is actively participating in the negotiation of the international convention for the suppression of terrorism.
 the regulation, together with the construction of the factory and industrial operation (working noise) regulation, will effectively be implemented effectively.
 it is not possible to improve the confidence of the united kingdom and the libyan arab jamahiriya, which will only cause the contrary.
 however, we firmly believe that the secretary-general's report contains the proper framework of the united nations in the future in east timor.
 in some parts of the world, the number of poverty and relative numbers is increasing.
 we look forward to working with the industry in that area, " he said.
 the state party submits that the same argument should apply to the present case.
 he was informed that the causes of the darfur conflict was a dispute between the farms and crops of crop farming.
 the amendments have also been reserved for the provision of community facilities such as the fire services department and open space facilities.
 otherwise, the international community may have no choice but to leave liberia from liberia.
 the details of the study have been published, and the provision of education is also provided to enhance the provision of education skills.
 miss chan sits on the waves of waves and from time to time the waves of waves.
 as a matter of fact, on the jurisdiction of the garrison act, the proposals for the garrison act are almost similar to the current practice.
 the spokesman pointed out that the establishment of the resource centre established by the judiciary is not encouraged by encouraging litigations.
 the joint meeting of the joint conference would like to express the discussion very useful and will take follow-up actions on the recommendations.
 in addition, we will also review the review of the district boards after the 2003 elections.
 the vehicle located on 1 avenue will be limited to a special labelling of special labelling vehicles.
 the villagers face the village.
 the institute of agrarian reform institute in el salvador was established as a subsidiary body of the land transfer plan, which is the result of the peace agreement.
 according to the information provided, the advisory committee does not object to these posts.
 anyone who has information on the girl's relatives or to the girl is urged to call the mong kok police station at 2398 636.
 in 1997, the institute had designated a formal licence body to implement improved quality and upgrading productivity programmes.
 this morning, we do not want to focus on two issues in their speeches.
 to this end, emphasis was placed on education, and the promotion of education is the necessary means and means to promote social development.
 the ruf is not the army, and it certainly does not have the command of the armed forces.
 the field control system is a series of audits aimed at the accounting responsibilities for the united nations assets, that is, from the first procurement period.
 it is not possible.
 for security reasons, in order to protect the protection of the environment, these substances must be unresolved, non-remocracy, non-remocracy and unficiency.
 the offence of treason is in the common law system in the common law system.
 worse still, the threat posed by the existence of nuclear weapons has already been rooted in many areas.
 in the village, the village of the village has taken away.
 armed conflict in darfur region began last february.
 the right to discrimination is the international protection of human rights as part of the international protection of human rights, in particular respecting multi-ethnic regimes.
 the commission's procedures are confidential, in accordance with rule rules, any document or addresses.
 but as the economy gradually recovers, it is believed that hong kong's futures will pick up again.
 the choice is to choose whether or not to make a contract.
 efforts will continue to be made, but in the long term, this will be a challenge.
 they tend to retreat indifference.
 at that time governor patten was working with the general election of the conservative party.
 asianet daily summary-press releases distributed for friday, november 16, 2001.
 however, it was possible to be disappointed that only one of the accused has been handed over to the tribunal.
 in order to avoid conflict, the role of the council must be coordinated with the role of the court in order to guarantee the independence of the latter.
 the loss of life, in particular the loss of children, has always been saddened, and it is always sad to go beyond national and religious boundaries.
 a total of $ 50000 were seized in the operation.
 in recent years the world economy has changed rapidly.
 these guidelines have been set up in the buildings department's homepage and to all companies and owners ' owners.
 they believe that there was a high level of science and technology.
 while member states were requested to strengthen the field representative in the field, progress is being hampered by the lack of resources.
 at 3 p.m. local time, at 3 p.m. local time, a car bomb was killed in the vicinity of the city of the city of the city.
 senior officials of senior officials of senior officials, as well as personal security guards, will receive special passes for the security and security services of the united nations.
 information provided by the latest map and the newly obtained information has been transferred to rescue institutions.
 the programme provides a total of 15000000 citizens, including students, men, women and children.
 however, united nations peacekeeping forces and other united nations bodies have conducted mine-action activities in the united nations.
 the royal government of cambodia has provided legal protection to the hiv <unk> aids cambodians, and protect the human rights of these people.
 as a result, the housing department has once again been able to ask the housing department to ask for further examination.
 the drop-out rate for girls in secondary schools is still higher than boys, in secondary schools and universities.
 both sides of the anti-bian and the bian-bian-blocked matchells have no less than one.
 there is no difficulty in the establishment and access to private private schools.
 i did not expect her to change her decision.
 we will receive the warning letter from the transport department.
 in the united states in the united states, he was in the hands of the united states, er, in the hands of the united states.
 chairman of the environmental capital cooperation agency, the senior adviser of the president of the world bank.
 if the senior officials are interested in investing in investment, it is not possible to do business.
 it should also take into account the changes in the international regime over the past decade, particularly the spread of globalization and new technologies.
 some of the events cannot say.
 the united states market has been proposed to abolish cuban cuban cubans in the united states market.
 however, in the longer term, the government still intends to conduct public recruitment candidates.
 in addition, 3 other children have been released, but it was also necessary to report back to the gendarmerie report.
 the modernization of the hong kong sar trademark legislation was made on the hong kong sar.
 the greater the more voters will vote to vote, and of course we have a representative.
 a distance of 400 kilometers of ballistic missiles is about 13 minutes within 13 minutes.
 if he wasn't enough, he could be a break.
 this is very clear as a administrative measure.
 in december 1963, the armed attacks of the 1963-year armed attacks had been organized by ethnic cleansing campaigns against turkish cypriots.
 the delegation of argentina proposed that, except the addition of the addition, it should include models.
 we are contacting the canadian authorities to understand the details of the court hearing. "
 the chinese delegation expresses its appreciation for the efforts made by the chinese delegation to the work of this subject.
 no one has to go to him.
 with regard to the precarious instability of the marriage, she asked whether there had been no research to identify the causes of family divisions.
 the fact is that the earth's environment is worse than a year ago.
 the government announced today (april 20) the appointment of members of the commission on innovation and technology, and the appointment of special advisers.
 he will carry out major reforms in the securities and futures markets and strengthen the supervision of the banking sector.
 as a result, the message to better information and access to information has led to the participation of non-governmental organizations and other important groups to participate in all levels of activities.
 the delegation stated that the majority of them were outside external forces, not to control groups and individuals.
 " this is a result of the efforts and efforts of his colleagues in the past and our present efforts. "
 the presentation ceremony will be held in january next year.
 in order to enhance the standard of living of children's standard and improve services, parents have paid some costs under household income.
 however, further efforts needed to be made in order to make further efforts to disseminate the results of the work of the relevant national authorities.
 those responsible for those criminal acts could not be allowed to support such criminal acts.
 on july 26 this year, the taxi pass through sha tin, which was seen in sha tin, saw a security guard with two burglary suspects.
 the council believes that he and other perpetrators must be responsible for their actions.
 in traditional business environment, the marketing officer can only take care of the actual contacts or to contact their customers.
 article 54 of the constitution stipulates that foreigners in the territory of the republic shall be protected by law with the same protection in haiti.
 the member states of the european union have a three-year period of time to take the instruction of the law on 6 june 2000.
 the pfp has been angerished by the pfp to a press conference, and the kmt betrayed by the kuomintang.
 it reaffirms the importance of the treaty on the limitation of anti-ballistic missile systems.
 the performance of the region of the region continues to be weakened by the japanese economy.
 there is no use of their own people.
 it's hard to be able to be able to sell the thraves.
 in the past year, there was a six-year-old scholar in taiwan.
 despite the international community, the security council has been eliminated through numerous resolutions, a multi-ethnic, multicultural and multi-state society.
 the hkma will implement regulatory functions by the sfc in accordance with the modalities and standards of supervision by the sfc.
 the dust of the star will return to the sample of the dust.
 we would like to see the real universality of the university of peace and to assume a truly global mission.
 the population is estimated to be an important parameters for forecasting and projections for private and commercial sectors.
 years ago, he was invited to attend the lunar new lunar new lunar new year.
 the united states government recognizes that the cuban diplomatic bank should enjoy diplomatic immunity.
 secondly, the decision was paid to a rule of rule as a rule of law.
 during the competition, students have to cope with the problem of accidents, such as electricity cuts, blackers, equipment and passives.
 we are currently considering the views of the industry and the implementation of proposals.
 the staff of the board also visited the field offices of undcp in thailand and china.
 the bill has no particular reference to the use of the use of a company to conceal the issue of the loan and a company.
 it is also strange to say that chinese people should avoid the names of their names, but they are so great.
 the department of health (dh) has provided health education in the family and to carry out disinfection.
 i would now like to turn to the question of post-conflict peace-building, given the current situation in our country.
 the representative of non-governmental organizations also proposed that the high commissioner should take the initiative on the implementation of the recommendations recommended by the special rapporteur.
 at the time of efforts to focus on the necessary action, we refuse to look at a single aspect.
 we are watching the process of resolving the question of palestine in the middle east question.
 if members of the council agreed to do so.
 these included threats to the concept of sovereignty, including the emergence of sovereignty, which has been hampered by technology.
 the maintenance of world security and peace cannot be seen from the development of the international community.
 on 15 december, a state of emergency in the state of lima was renewed again on 15 december.
 a few days after the occupation of mazar-e-sharif, the authorities began to transfer prisoners to other detention sites.
 the unique nature of the missiles makes them suitable for the use of threats, deterrence, coercion, self-defence and reprisals.
 the government's long-standing policy is to maximise the use of software products as the application platform for application systems.
 in addition, 156 private care centres have been maintained at the present time.
 during this incident, both sides have taken military action, but there has been no major changes in the front lines.
 in addition, the general assembly also designs a series of new interesting games.
 however, there will be some immediate dangers and the relevant departments will take immediate action.
 the commission could draw a new image of new images (approximately 15000).
 the estimate of a 10 per cent vacancy rate included in the local employed personnel.
 it will also reduce the use of sulphur, nitrogen, and carbon emissions.
 the works will start early next year and is expected to be completed in early 2001.
 in manufacturing, large-scale establishments are the establishment of more than 100 or more persons employed by other sectors, with 50 or more employment.
 according to section 23 of chapter 23 of the swedish penal code, the penalty is less than applicable to the maximum limits of the crime.
 the general assembly had adopted resolution 56<unk>282, from the list of the list of non-self-governing territories.
 mr. wang (china) (interpretation from chinese): on 23 july, the kingsan king of the world was the death of the world.
 on 14 february, the government of rwanda informed the rwandan action mission, and the other 5 suspects were arrested.
 63 of these projects were implemented by non-governmental organizations, and the remaining 19 are organised by swd.
 in conclusion, i would like to refer to two spanish special concerns.
 there will be no doubt that the cartages were illegal.
 secondly, the capacity of small and medium enterprises (the " smes ") is inadequate.
 8 days later, the u.s.a <unk> amp; quot; u.s.a.
 more than 2,000 pots of africa, which will be held from 13 to 16 october, will be displayed at the hong kong park in hong kong park.
 the survey will provide for the entire territory of the entire territories, particularly poverty-to-date information.
 one of the hots of the respondents is sony's new games in this year.
 hong kong's legislative abolition of the death penalty in 1993 is that the world's respect for human rights.
 it is also known that a number of ears vomited to vomiting, and other diseases were also effective.
 15 catholics and international charity societies, as well as many of the staff members, were reportedly executed in dili.
 in particular, he pointed out that this legislation was amended to give more investigative powers and to the independence of the competition management.
 the secretary for foreign affairs of the ministry of foreign affairs of china and south korea was held in beijing.
 he will be a keynote speech at the luncheon of the hong kong trade development council and the employers of france.
 the international community could co-operate with each other.
 on 19 january 2001, the ministry of finance made a reply.
 " the government's primary objective is to stabilize the property market and the property market will not be big. "
 if the honourable lau kong-cheung, the honourable lau kong-cheung, said that, if the application is to apply, it seems to be notice <unk>
 the sponsoring delegation stated that the legal basis of the proposal could be found in article 14 to 14 and 22 of the charter.
 in any case, states that have stockpiled countries must begin to collect data on its stockpiling and production record.
 it should be noted that the data contained in these tables is that undp has drawn from various relevant agencies.
 i remember that some people have used a lot of people who used to be vested with the vested authority.
 i believe many people will not agree with this view, but it will in principle oppose the introduction of a land departure tax.
 in accordance with the contract, the relevant traffic <unk> transport issues must be agreed upon by the district forest.
 the angolan armed forces also captured the regional offensives in the south-east region in southern province, and in the south-eastern part of the country.
 if we decide to extend the plan, we intend to continue to prove that there is a lot of industries affecting the labour market.
 in the light of the german sulgration model, the cost of speeding, speeding up, is $ 8000000000.
 the court had received the embrogies of the government of the people's republic of china in 2001.
 such work work is still being carried out by the division and the need to be considered and approved by the case.
 police will take special traffic arrangements on hong kong island on january 6 in order to hold a public chest.
 the private universities have also offered relief to tuition fees under the student economy.
 improving our relationship with egypt and egypt, and the resumption of multilateral negotiations, is indispensable for further achieving the common objectives of our region.
 his strong strengths were very strong and stabilizing, and he was heeded by him.
 some of the police officers are asked to make a recorder.
 although the results of the utilia were not used for the use of medicines, it was obtained through a german company.
 it welcomes the ratification of the treaty on the non-proliferation of nuclear weapons as a non-nuclear-weapon state.
 israel also continued to make the opening up of the tunnel under the west of the al-qaqa mosque.
 in fact, after the spring festival holidays this year's spring festival, no complaints have been received by the tourism industry parliament.
 " i believe you will become an important asset in the two places. "
 he then said.
 the ministry of defence has taken a depreciation in the depreciation of the latter in order to reflect the latter.
 so, if you are concerned about the fact that everyone is concerned about the demonstration, it can be said that, in any case, i do not have to let it up.
 the private car immediately left the scene along sha tau kok street to escape from the scene.
 although it is clear, they are still in a position to defend themselves.
 governments have taken various ways to control these monopolistic nature.
 it should be noted that, in the absence of their respective roles and missions, it is not appropriate to consider their respective roles and missions. "
 i believe it is not only affected today and will affect the future.
 the political negligence of the environment is the result of winds of the environment, and even if " everything has been referred to the level of development assistance.
 our immunization system, like the army, can resist the bacteria that can resist from outside.
 both citizens and voters are indifferent in the degree of life.
 this led to a decline in groundwater in the gaza strip and led to salt water from the sea.
 i believe that this weekly demonstrates our commitment to the international health of the international community in this week.
 i also thank the secretary-general and appreciation for his appreciation and appreciation to the secretary-general for his report today.
 we need to fulfil this international responsibility. "
 argentina, after the decades of political instability, has adopted the reconstruction of the reconstruction of democracy.
 the doors of the west of the west are only one of the legends of the legends.
 it is precisely the most important thing that we are familiar with the city of taiwan.
 in fact, it is an important part of the involvement of the united nations in the oceans.
 in the history of history, there are no other children in the past.
 it's the whole continent as a whole as the whole continent and to bring about brightness. "
 as the chairman of the new advisory committee, i hold a good foundation for the first ad hoc committee.
 otherwise, sanctions are likely to be as a means of application for the imposition of a penality, with the wish of the international community as a whole.
 in recent years, cocaine seizures in croatia was low, with a seizure of 913 kg cocaine in 2000.
 to that end, pakistan supported mexico's proposal, as well as the relevant united nations bodies to consider the request of the international court of justice.
 the mandatory provident fund schemes authority (ha) has issued detailed arrangements for the establishment and operation of the relevant industries.
 he was then taken away from a police vehicle in a police vehicle, and he was thrown down on the car.
 with regard to environmental protection, the international efforts to protect nature in the context of more effective and more substantive approaches should be undertaken.
 the secretary-general has already put forward the direction of the united nations.
 there is also a need to be more clearly identified by the press and evaluation of the results.
 mr chan kam-lam said that his speech is less than my short, but i am now likely to be more than him.
 lithuania has also attached great importance to the role of the international forum on combating terrorism.
 the united states court of appeal in the united states of the united states has the overthrow of the district court of appeal to the court.
 with regard to this point, over 30000 displaced persons in the southern part of the equal area and in katanga province, in the northern part of the province of equator province, received no assistance.
 as a result of the wars and air strikes in kabul, part of the international groups in kabul had to leave city city.
 in response to the current economic situation, we also urge the government to consider reducing the feasibility of reducing the pre-employment training courses. "
 at best, i can only remember that the government is only one of the things that the government has to do.
 the operating budget of the operation is to be less than $ 40 per year.
 a 10 per cent amount of payment should be made on the basis of a 10 per cent amount of payment to cover the floating of the exchange rate.
 the president of the presidency and mrs.
 the world trade conference will be convened in seattle and can be a forum for a forum.
 mr tien said that in the light of the above-mentioned 1 question, the language of the language, university graduates and professional groups are recommended to meet the basic capacity ".
 if the so-called unanimousity of the so-called unanimousity of so-called unanimous, the language is unwise.
 regular acceptance and processing of m-6-6 and 7-6 minutes (5 minutes) images were available.
 any person affected by the amendments may submit a written objection to the secretary of the town planning board on february 24 this year.
 as to the specific provisions of the ordinance, the hong kong progressive alliance (hkpa) is basically favoured.
 on the contrary, ecuador's imports of imports increased by more than 2<unk>3 and colombia.
 the recent example of this is a dispute between the two country parks.
 the contents of the various types of items envisaged are contained in article 11 of the model procurement law.
 a keynote speech will be made by the chairman of the hong kong institute of surveyors of hong kong.
 the 12 juveniles arrested on june 15 have been released on bail pending further enquiries on bail.
 it was not possible to inform the ministry of foreign affairs of the ministry of foreign affairs at all possible levels, but no progress has been made.
 regional security systems have expanded its ability to collect information on anti-terrorism activities in the eastern caribbean region.
 she also wished to know what should be chosen as a non-governmental organization, which provided what information and the committee could use.
 in order to guarantee the interests of consumers, i have put forward this motion on behalf of the democratic party.
 turkey supports the director-general to encourage the director-general to strengthen the policy of the field, but it should provide financial contributions or physical contributions.
 however, there are 15 different countries of the 15 different countries.
 the legal assistance of the legal assistance has been requested in accordance with the rules of the treaty.
 these realities need to be addressed to ensure that the remaining 70000 people, or at least, are able to return their homes.
 the list of countries that should be punished by punishable countries is not short, and direct victims continue to be the elderly, women and children.
 the honourable lee cheuk-yan will move an amendment to hon tam yiu-chung's motion.
 as to the underemployment rate, the construction industry, the construction industry, and the transport industry and manufacturing industries.
 as a result of the budget constraints, a number of restrictions on the costs and expenditure of counsel was paid.
 this is the exception that it is necessary to take a short period of time, and it is not too long to stay too long for punishment.
 at the time of weekends, on weekends, the number of young parents are filled with the parents of the child.
 if the bank does not want to take place, the government instructed the government to deal with its business.
 programme enquiries can be made: 24611 369.
 therefore, the taiwan strait can be researched as a unit.
 article 190 to 201 detail the procedure for the seizure of assets (bank accounts).
 " in addition to the investigation case, we believe that there is a need to expand training and traffic. "
 since the establishment of the united nations, albania has been one of the most saddened dictatorships of the continent.
 we do not agree with pressure on a solution to the nuclear issue in the north korea nuclear issue.
 then, you will ask why the question has not been <unk>
 he was reportedly released a few days later.
 investigations by accident investigation team, traffic hong kong island, are continuing.
 finland will actively participate actively in the efforts of the conference, a global, effective treaty to halt anti-personnel landmines.
 in addition, article 13 to 18 should be considered by the international regime that should be considered by the international system.
 1970-1975 counsellor, the us embassy in italy.
 a code of ethics should be set up in the context of the legal business in conflict areas.
 preconditions should be, and the provision should be a fair, non-discrimination and objective.
 the answer is yes.
 all these sales arrangements have not been sold for sale at the sale of the home ownership scheme.
 in the same period, there were 5 300 persons in hong kong, while the number of deaths was 32000.
 however, i am referring to it, since this issue reflects a reflection of the people of the balkans and the people of the people in the balkans.
 when we talk about hong kong's future, the chinese government said: " we can do so.
 more than any other group, they need the attention and care of the family, social and government.
 it was reported that a food area had been exported to other places in other places, and then as a resurgence in clean food.
 with regard to the choice of the family name, luxembourg had reservations about the ratification of this convention.
 they also discussed and agreed to prevent the flow of arms into the country.
 from the short term, the government should seriously discuss with the industry and listen to their views.
 think of the murder of the murder, i would also like to go to all the victims of the victims.
 ni kuang talk about women.
 the overall plan focused on helping girls and women to improve their self-esteem.
 he strongly reiterated that management and palau were determined to preserve the environment and culture of palau.
 on july 28, 1928, the communist party of the ccp, the ccp <unk> amp; c <unk> amp; d <unk> tr. by ccp <unk> tr. by the ccp secretary of the ccp.
 in addition to the promotion of chickens, there will also be a number of staff with a large-scale farmer.
 the advisory committee requested that a copy of the memorandum of understanding of the memorandum has not been received.
 against this background, the commission has endeavoured to understand all the iraqi acts of responsibility.
 the special rapporteur undertook a visit to rwanda.
 the person has lost their fighting.
 the main causes of unutilized balance were the result of the termination of the force programme.
 moreover, as a member of the international community, we will continue to provide direct contributions to the palestinians.
 research and practical application activities should be strengthened in the field of remote sensing in remote sensing.
 according to the basic law, all permanent residents of the hong kong special administrative region will be elected and elected.
 the 40 enterprises in the services industry have received a loan of $ 216000, creating or saved 79 work.
 in june, members of the council participated in the drafting of the nuclear tests conducted by members of the council in may.
 i take this opportunity to thank the country, international organizations and the united nations themselves to continue to provide assistance to our country.
 we also wish to develop friends: knowing their own lack and honest face.
 over the past few months, the storm has also been affected by the storm.
 ah, the lamp lame was closed.
 following the protests of the protests, some of the people's emotions have been emotionally emotional, and the police used a high throlling population.
 the work programme for trade points (see annex 4) is only in recent years.
 i believe that the most important thing is respecting civil servants. they will be discussed at the negotiating table.
 the committee expresses its concern about the changes in the pension system and the impact on women's impact on women is too big.
 (c) the force commander of the force force commander of the force, which is sensitive to the information transmitted by the office, reduces two local level posts.
 in fact, it has decided to reduce the expected increase in the world economy and international trade.
 the department's family development division and the support division of the department of development and the family support division has been carried out campaigns, exhibitions and similar activities.
 " cross-border relations and strategic partnerships said: " from the channels and strategic partnership, this exhibition is highly successful.
 the international community should be in a fair and equal manner in a fair and equal manner.
 despite some obvious difficulties, these positive developments have shown that the prevention of conflict prevention is a strategy that is being implemented.
 similar provisions in annex 122 of the joint declaration are also available in the basic law.
 he was kicked and kicked me.
 united states dollar deposits increased from july to november, an increase of 17 per cent in july to november.
 the committee wished to know the findings of this incident.
 however, womens participation in society is clearly dependent on economic and social resources and their laws.
 many of the discussion of the general assembly and the committee had clearly reflected the urgent issue of common concern to all mankind.
 there is an end to their despair and pain.
 " we will strive to preserve all hong kong's success, " mr tung said.
 in view of the above-mentioned positions, the chinese side put forward a reasonable solution.
 after all, only 1230000000 us dollars were used to purchase humanitarian goods.
 the rent indices in the consumer price index (cpi) reflect the movement of tenants paid in hong kong.
 the jurisdiction of such an approach will focus on the proceeds of proceeds to the original security council.
 he believed that the preparatory work of the beijing olympic games will certainly be successful in the 2008 olympic games.
 as a result, the committee considered the key issues of productive employment at the recent session of the commission on the latest in february this year.
 the measurement of economic measurements is that we will face the grave situation that we will face.
 the protection of the protection of the protection of women between 8 and 21 weeks was also prohibited in the workplace.
 the actual improvement of paraguay has also been significant, enabling river transit corridors to become 2 major transport routes.
 you are welcome to see.
 in this respect, the financial secretary also agreed that it would be possible to make a positive development, and we look forward to soon as soon as possible.
 the importance of the general assembly hall is the importance of the great importance of the general assembly.
 in most of the countries, the population of older persons is far faster than the overall population growth.
 at 2 am today (friday), a 45-year-old man was killed in the fire.
 in addition, the national archives were reportedly robbed by the national archives.
 i am deeply honoured to officiate at the opening ceremony of the " chinese space science " exhibition ".
 their disciplines are tightened and acted as a result of their own country.
 these proposals have been the people's public opinion over the years.
 a police spokesman stressed: " there is no need for the public to cause undue concern. "
 police appeal to members of the public who are aware of the whereabouts of the whereabouts of the whereabouts of the whereabouts of the missing person.
 in this connection, the advisory committee was informed that the secretariat intends to review the timetable for the system-wide meeting.
 the 74-year-old he is good, good, voices, and every day, every day, it's all the 100 patients.
 this incident occurred in close proximity to the same way as the point of close proximity to the island.
 in fact, there is a few times higher in the number of unemployed persons.
 a number of industrial governments have already allowed all the heavily indebted poor countries to suspend the debt burden from the beginning of the decision.
 in this century and this millennium, we have seen a number of devastating tragedies.
 mr deputy president, in explanation of my amendments, i would like to say a few words on this point of argument.
 the number of casualties in armed conflict was civilian populations.
 the genetic revolution, which is known as the biotechnology revolution, is known as the biotechnology revolution.
 i understand that the chinese government has promised to drafting the precise version of the provisions of the basic law for the purpose of the basic law.
 violations of these rights may be brought to the competent court.
 the united nations is the appropriate forum to deal with many challenges.
 this money provides for the growing needs of the iraqi people with respect to food and medicine.
 note: chinese charitable funds and chinese temples have been promulgated shortly after 1968, 1968.
 it is well known that voluntary recruitment and compulsory recruitment are sometimes difficult to distinguish between them.
 this letter is the first page on the day of the day.
 at the same time, inflation remained high, and the inflation rate for the year is expected to be close to almost 10 per cent.
 mr ip said that he believed that many of the voters in the legal profession were tired of it.
 i would also like to agree with the amendments to reduce some of the proposals for the reduction in administrative provisions.
 i do not need to repeat here again.
 the meeting was prepared to submit its conclusions and recommendations for the 1 session of the review commission.
 it is a complex project for the united nations personnel, budget and financial work of the united nations.
 if they are still not enough to do so, we can't be able to buy their own.
 in line with the relevant measures, customs, fire services department, lands department, lands department, lands department and the planning department will verify the above.
 mr. wang ying (china) (spoke in chinese): i would like to congratulate you, like my colleagues, as chairman of the council.
 in addition, the military observers and civilian police are unable to ensure safe security.
 the text of the text is to make a number of political options and rights to the states concerned with an internationally wrongful act.
 responding to the report, the police officers conducted an investigation into the three rooms of the hotel.
 they must receive their professional training, and their registration <unk> authorization should be given to renewal.
 in late february, the education department has invited parents to participate in the central allocation of the central allocation in march.
 the implementation of these technologies, however, is enormous.
 i also said that he was a little hesitation with him.
 the contradiction in operative paragraph 3 is even more pronounced in operative paragraph 3.
 the minimum age for the service will be benefited from each society.
 the view was expressed that the draft guide should address the remuneration of the insolvency representative.
 i am not repeating earlier this point, but only hopefully, i would like to give them a lot of justice.
 in the absence of other speakers, the president shall declare the debate that the debate should be put to an end.
 " if you are working on the job, he said: " you often get the darkness, or even the dark. "
 i believe that the level of the ceiling should not be taken on the situation later, and there is no need for fixed fixed.
 the sisters were suffering from starvation to starved stars.
 " we should continue to strive to improve our standard of service, which is our expectations. "
 it can be a major step forward for the future of the future.
 it is now clear that the community is now in favour of these freedoms through a bill of bill.
 in my view, the government is like " itself ".
 however, when the delegation visited new york, it has to prevent them from aviation to the united states.
 " it's the pace of economic recovery in south-east asia, " he said.
 his delegation believed that the court should be consistent with a number of guidelines.
 in order to reduce the outflow of funds in the short term, i think the government should more actively implement relevant policies.
 the vienna convention on the law of treaties relates to multilateral conventions and agreements, including the question of reservations of human rights treaties.
 myanmar chose the path of democracy: the government of myanmar is developing a genuine democratic state of a market-oriented economy.
 it was also reported that, on 7 june 2000, the rwandan soldiers were allegedly robbed by a 7, including five children.
 " we will be as soon as possible, " he said.
 (b) the management of private land is the responsibility of land titles.
 this has enabled the poor to become more fragile.
 we also believe that hong kong's cultural life is indeed the ideal city of hong kong's cultural life.
 in a number of countries, cross-cutting instruments are covered by the customs legislation, such as smuggling or violations of foreign exchange controls.
 more than 95<unk> of the taxpayers and individual income taxpayers may receive tax refunds within the next two weeks.
 however, we must overcome our minds and seriously consider the need for japan.
 the preparations for the tenth anniversary of women, welfare and social development have been prepared for the tenth anniversary of the tenth anniversary.
 he also served as chairman of the committee of the administrative committee and the chairman of the organization and is accountable to the secretary-general.
 the exhibition is a co-operation between italy and the department of public information, which will end on friday, 5 november.
 similarly, life expectancy at births (table 3 and 5).
 secondly, there is a balance between administrative and legislative legislation.
 even if the shelling of the shells did not have any public transportation, the majority of the street will be found in the streets.
 this year this year may be different.
 next, let us take a look at the iraqi policy in the past.
 in addition, members are also able to observe the investigation of the capo's investigation.
 it's like me to see that i would like to see that i would like to talk about it.
 despite a good financial performance, structural adjustment programmes have not been able to reach its goals.
 yes, a little distinction.
 if we want the united nations to be a major part of the united nations, we must take the united nations to move forward before developments.
 the financial secretary, the secretary-general, in his budget, was in the light of the " lion rock ".
 the housing authority will carry out remedial works to the public housing public housing estates, which will be responsible for repair works.
 after the selection of the acting president, i believe this is the last meeting of the legislative council.
 the spokesman said: " the number of industrial accidents and accident rates have been downward.
 the croatian police have also been patrolling on foot and vehicle patrols in part of them.
 mr cheung pointed out the three " fundamental issues ", " mr cheung noted that the committee had misunderstanding the education department.
 now, the united nations needs more support than ever before.
 the administration will carefully consider all the views of the registration scheme.
 president: mr martin lee, you have been consulted and it is not appropriate to ask the question.
 as a matter of fact, the government has already " winds " and said that it would be possible to reduce the salaries of civil servants.
 in the evening, he will fly to washington for a visit to the end of the last station.
 exports from developing countries have increased from 1990 to 28 per cent in 1990 to 28 per cent in 2000.
 the web site is scheduled to be completed in 2004.
 at its 12 session in september 2001, the tribunal decided to submit the matter to the meeting of the states parties.
 her husband gave her shoes to her husband.
 152. despite the need to analyse the data and quantity of data, the content of the data is less than a few.
 however, the report noted that, despite the food and food of the local market, the purchasing power of the population is extremely limited.
 the advisory committee agrees with this view and suggested that the current rate of 3.7 per cent pay.
 in the fight against the fight against the fight against the fight against the fight against the fight against the fight against terrorism.
 the administration has recognized that " national security " is the interests of the sovereign state.
 however, the hong kong economy has continued to grow, and the gross surplus of the gross surplus has many countries.
 it should be done.
 the under-secretary-general has indicated that it was not determined that the scope of the commission has been set up for the committee.
 over the past few years, a large number of documents have proven that because of the shortage of water supply, the price of life has been paid.
 the treaty is limited to banning nuclear explosions, but the quality of nuclear weapons, or the production of new arms systems.
 they answered that it was not possible for him to receive him.
 the whole can be much greater than its part and much greater.
 (b) the light of the clp power has been incorporated into non-special periods on may 1, 2003.
 it is true that the green paper will be misinterrated.
 in 1993, he was appointed as a member of the chinese office in 1993 and became a member of the institute of arbitration.
 the department also issued 25 occupation permits -- seven in kowloon and 16 in kowloon and 16 in the new territories.
 priority is aimed at promoting the capacity and infrastructure of the national promotion and promotion of human rights and infrastructure.
 this age group is about 5 hours per week.
 this stage will lead to a single step rate of reimbursement for all other equipment and consumption.
 we must take care of international law as the most strong.
 at present, the economy of science and technology has been changing, and the world is moving towards multi-polarization.
 the chinese and chinese paintings of chinese and chinese paintings and the museums of the museum are also a result.
 in the face of a sense of rational and sense of life.
 i addressed the response to the sexual exploitation of sexual exploitation in west africa.
 it is fundamental, however, that the angolans have truly committed itself to peace and national reconciliation.
 china's exporters and investors have increased significantly in the european union.
 there are few signs that fiji had a high degree of drugs.
 in this event, there was a lot of seminars.
 it is the most powerful species of brazil's brazilians, fushu, and so on.
 women have also been subjected to discrimination with respect to employment, or to be subjected to slavery.
 (a) more than 50 per cent of the country's economy, which is more than 50 per cent of the country's countries, can generally be used in general.
 today, saint lucia is the 1 woman head of state in history.
 in some cases, non-governmental organizations have tried to influence a government.
 this fantic phenomenon is the product of a new one of the new ones of the other than other countries.
 recently, there have been some original groups that have not been able to speak in 1988.
 however, as the people's resumption of political life, it will be necessary for east timor to persist as long as the possibility of a large number of refugees.
 in the capital of baghdad, a police office was attacked by car bombs, killing at least five deaths and 19 others.
 for a few months, the police charged with violations of violations of human rights and other acts of crimes or criminal acts.
 he was elected to highlight his merits, his personal qualities and his experience in international affairs.
 as the tourism industry is " people-oriented industries ", no such staff will not be able to survive.
 each 10 cm shall be a threade, thread and 133 pairs of double-throughs.
 the word " repeal ".
 at the same time, the department has also been trained to deal with the hawker.
 in the case of non-domessory security, the debtor should also be responsible for the debtors debtors and should be responsible for their duties.
 i am confident that these arrangements, particularly the mutual legal assistance, will bear results in the future.
 however, we have not seen any meaningful progress in the immediate need for urgent needs.
 during the vicinity, the explosion occurred near the scene, but no casualties were killed.
 the council also began to hold a new " mixed " meeting, which is open to all members of the united nations.
 the democratic republic of the congo noted that all measures have taken all measures to ensure that in the near future.
 as mentioned above, the document did not mention the office.
 i accept the secretary-general's claim that there are matters of matters that have been too close to the elections.
 distribution of wealth is equally important.
 the two vacancies still need to be filled, and the meeting was resumed on that day.
 the carpark park adjacent to the visitors centre will also be suspended.
 at present, the growth of clients of clients ' portfolios continued to remain stable, with a significant increase in the performance of companies in the standard.
 many people have won the convenience of kakaka's convenience, but they don't don't pay money.
 in mid-july this year, li has visited japan in mid-july to attend the 8 world muscular conference.
 the 3 least developed countries will be held in brussels from 14 to 20 may 2001.
 the project is part of the integrated development plan of ma wan island.
 in this context, france will submit its report to the secretariat as soon as possible to indicate the details of these two units.
 the chairperson also stressed the need for full participation of the secretariat, including the preparation of the background document, direct meetings.
 we are fully aware of the importance of the mandate of the commission on human settlements.
 new york, november 12 <unk> new york <unk> new york <unk> york <unk> new york <unk> new york <unk> york <unk> new york <unk> york <unk> new york <unk> new york <unk> new york <unk> new york <unk> york <unk> new york <unk> york <unk> new york <unk> new york <unk>
 xiao qi is well-being, and he was also satisfied with the satisfaction and love of his friends.
 mr cheung made a major keynote speech in " safer ".
 if you want to ask you, then i look for you.
 the new hong kong new airport is the state-of-the-art radar and other technologies that have been established.
 despite the limited availability of financial resources, many small sums could be made available to the large amount of funds.
 as to the contents of the draft articles, it was expressed that the content of the draft is too complex and needed to be reduced.
 this is not only because we have to preserve the rule of law, but also because we have to preserve the rule of law, we have to preserve hong kong's international financial centre.
 the percentage of the total distribution of resources for the biennium 2002-2003 is shown in table 8.1.
 as the secretary-general has said, all states have to be able to fulfil their generous commitments as soon as possible.
 of course, this writer does not object to the proponation of the grass-roots level.
 it was at the age of 50 at the age of 50 at the age of 50, and it was found that 180 degrees changed.
 the israeli occupying forces also destroyed a house in the village, destroying a house and burned into another.
 those who have the above-mentioned symptoms are urged to consult their doctors in order to diagnose and manage the disease.
 child prostitution refers to the use of persons or to facilitate use of the use of children in order to pay, or otherwise.
 these are no success.
 meanwhile, the value of orders for the metal products industry increased further, and the year-on-year increase was 2<unk>.
 it is equally important that african countries are facing serious external debt, which accounted for 1<unk>3 of the export earnings for those countries.
 after a number of hours and for many years, we are now moving back to the start of the start.
 in the economic and social council, there has been 14 panels of experts, and their members are individually participating in work, rather than national representatives.
 the number of tactics training was provided by the expert units.
 the entire project was completed in autumn 2006.
 south-south cooperation should not be seen as a substitute for the north-south cooperation, and should be seen as a complement to it.
 investigations by special investigation team, traffic, new territories south, are proceeding.
 the network of family relations is collapsed and the traditional family structure is taking place.
 to ensure that the quality of chinese textbooks is available, a chinese language text committee has been established.
 another person's business is the best to do.
 some of them were reportedly injured.
 while the ethiopian delegation appreciates the role played by unctad in this field, the panellists were only a few interesting questions, without a solution.
 the united nations military contingent will help to prevent those who might wish to interfere with the democratization process.
 however, these policies have to be effective and needed to look at trade, health and management, such as education, health and management.
 it was reported, however, that the authorities denied that the person had been transferred to the hospital, and then then he was no longer the whereabouts of the person.
 in order to avoid the special interests of political parties, political parties should be able to obtain public funds, and the costs should be maintained and maintained transparent.
 it is expected that the background and exercise of the working group on the right to development will be completed in 2000.
 it's not surprising that sun yun-yen has experienced numerous waves.
 the chairman of the small and medium enterprises (smes) of the small and medium-sized enterprises (smes) held a report to the chief executive for his report.
 asianet daily summary-press releases for tuesday, november 20, 2001.
 as a result of the history of history, the number of land in the new territories is only subject to the collective controls.
 we welcome the partnership, " he said.
 it's not to say that " you 're " don't " <unk> "
 prior to may 1998, the security forces in the indonesian security forces seemed to be the sky, regardless of whether the authorities or the local people do not feel that it.
 please watch the five sets of new zealand's series of new zealand's series of new zealand's series of new zealand's series.
 on 18 june 1998, the committee included the relevant provisions of resolution 1171 (1998) on 18 june 1998.
 1 during the testing of the test system, it was recommended that the establishment of an impact on the district and preservation levels.
 a few of the programmes on this seminar will help increase the public awareness of this issue.
 if a person is not satisfied with the age of 65, there is a right to pay for employment and income in excess of minimum wage.
 in general, these information will not be disclosed.
 he is well aware of his efforts to work towards the development of the law.
 the special rapporteur requested the competent authorities to review its review on the basis of the highest standards of international standards.

 since china's recent accession to the world trade organization and the 2008 olympic games and 2008 olympics will be held in beijing.
 recently, a lecture was made by the university of hong kong in hong kong.
 as a whole, the existing system has been playing a check and balance.
 he said that if someone was stealing his hands, he was also assured of the security of thousands of people.
 kosovo serbs participate in the elections, reflecting their emphasis on the importance of self-government in self-government.
 markni was the headquarters of the ruf headquarters.
 in order to retain the " taipei's dignity ", it is now on the new painting.
 this requirement not revealed: " it's not surprising that the name of arjavo and barjack is entirely invisible.
 born in 1944, new zealand was born in new zealand, u.s. rice, and the national university of australia.
 in the traditional market, two chickens have been able to attack their business.
 details of the proposal, in both english and chinese, will be put up at the proposed site at the proposed site to obtain public inspection.
 because the dpp is a new democratic progressive movement.
 in the manufacturing sector, there is indeed a lot of employees in the manufacturing sector.
 the claimant also provided export credit guarantees for exporters and contractors.
 with the assistance of non-governmental organizations, the government has developed a national plan for the implementation of the platform for action.
 the additional attention should be given to the accuracy of the requirements.
 in accordance with the organic law of the health, the owner of estonia has the right to receive medical treatment (art. 5).
 the european union believes that the lusaka agreement was the most viable basis for conflict resolution.
 the national daily also quoted economists in bangkok, said: " nobody knows how much the cost is the cost. "
 in the light of the red bulletin, zhou enlai, the liaoning people publishing publishing publishing publishing publishing.
 madam president, as the secretary for the food, mr michael suen, is the " foods ", and we should not be able to stay away.
 i might perhaps say a few more interesting things.
 the present statement contained in the annex to the government of the international court of justice concerning the above statement.
 after the performance of the performance, the response of the audience was enthusiastically enthusiastically, bringing members and staff members.
 i can also mention some of the examples, some people say that some of those chronicly patients have been able to go to the hospital authority.
 the approval of the approved ozp is necessary to reflect the latest development proposals in kowloon.
 in fact, i have all along moved to chongqing in chongqing.
 the panel is in support of ensuring that gender issues were sensitive to gender issues in 2001.
 she has the highest moral character and enjoys all civil rights.
 all relevant departments will be involved in the scheme, involving various activities that must be taken from prevention, inter alia, to prosecute victims.
 with respect to this obligation of states parties, the committee noted that, in some cases, the report would refer to the current situation in other countries.
 it is estimated that, in the usual circumstances, 100 fighters may be able to get approximately 15000 per hour of small arms.
 secondly, to reduce tensions.
 we, first, have taken action on economic and other activities affecting the interests of the peoples of the non-self-governing territories.
 the defendant pleaded guilty to his daughter's daughter.
 in addition, there has been no cash in the current peacekeeping reserve.
 my delegation is also very grateful to the under-secretary-general al-secretary-general for his briefing to us this morning.
 it is possible to trigger financial instability in developing countries in the interest of the developing countries to foreign capital.
 an international seminar on international seminars was held between 24 and 25 june 1998.
 owing to the transfer of a banking licence, the number of banks in hong kong has remained unchanged in hong kong.
 this is mainly attributed to a number of states that have been achieved or not achieved in a number of countries over the past 5 years.
 the new phenomenon of aids has aggravated the sufferings of children and orphans, and the increase in the conflicts of the tribes increased their suffering.
 in january this year, mr. sergio de mello proposed that mr. sergio de mello proposed should be universal to strengthen the effectiveness of the complex operation.
 our assessment is that the conditions for return to sierra leone or liberia are not yet.
 youths account for 19 per cent of africa's population in africa, according to the current population growth rate in africa.
 at the same time, the situation is more bad, such as thailand, china, china, korea, korea and india.
 a typical consumer of a typical consumer of a typical consumer of the united states has to spend more than 10000 hours.
 i believe that the humanitarian situation in iraq must be disastrous.
 this is a matter of view.
 the office requested the department of disarmament to assist in making a financial commitment to the new form of political will.
 our financial position is lucky than the united kingdom, so that there is no need to try to do so.
 the last time in laden was last seen at the end of 2004, but his deputy president al-zawaah, who was in his elegitation, has grown in the past.
 the 4 area is the establishment of national institutions based on the rule of law.
 the council has set up a working group on waste reduction project, which has been established by mr tam yiu-chung.
 mr martin lee said that the government has not responded to this issue. "
 after the performance of the performance of the performance, hu is the mechanics of the national music association.
 the gross surplus of the business services industry accounted for 17.2<unk> of the total receipts, a 1 percentage point lower than in 1995.
 in post-conflict, children are in a society in a society, and children need to take care.
 the bosnian serb forces are engaged in military attacks on the civilian population, and there are casualties on a daily basis.
 a spokesman for the department said that a total of 40424 visits were successfully completed during the three-week survey period, representing a response rate of 90<unk>.
 the chickens have been tested and tested during the delivery to the market, " he said.
 he said that the secretariat wished to provide guidance on whether these practices continue to be continued.
 the demilitarized demilitarized zone is about 240 kilometres, and the extension of 10 kilometres into iraq and 5 kilometres into kuwait.
 more than 70 per cent of all children working in the family service are girls.
 as a result, a number of measures to ensure that the needs of women prisoners were met.
 consolidation of the regime established by the treaty for the prohibition of nuclear weapons in latin america and the caribbean (treaty of tlatelolco).
 the 1 cruise of liu ming-ming was also because of the war in taiwan because the war came to taiwan.
 the central meteorological station is expected to be affected by large fog weather in the north china and south china.
 the present section reviewed the reasons for which the right to food may be heard.
 at the end of the 19 century, the bulletin was splended in the end of the 19 century.
 the penal code of criminal law and criminal proceedings has been amended to consolidate national legal systems.
 appropriate legal sanctions would be able to promote compliance with respect to the application of an appropriate legal sanctions.
 the government and the business sector, which aims to consolidate the confidence of the international community in hong kong.
 however, the armed forces are too large, and the federal budget cannot be maintained.
 after the dinner, the hong kong ballet was held at the hong kong ballet in hong kong.
 speaking at the opening ceremony of the activities, the director of home affairs, ms lee said, " hong kong is a immigrant society.
 on 30 may, a new fighting broke out by the taliban and the taliban in the north-western part of the taliban.
 the computer systems of computer systems are also very easy.
 this document will be included in a voluntary visit to the regional forum on the part of the asean regional forum, stating that significant developments in the district security situation, as well as their awareness.
 every day, soldiers said that that day, the soldiers said that the goods will be returned to the clock.
 the more late implementation of the mpf system, the greater burden on the community's overall burden. "
 the committee was informed that the use of the vehicle was used by the united nations assistance mission to the united nations assistance mission for the use of these vehicles.
 on the contrary, they tend to view the people of the people, such as the enemy, so as to the people of the people.
 the railway system is an integral part of hong kong's transport system.
 under the provisions of the convention, it is recognized that troop-contributing countries were important partners in peacekeeping operations.
 i think this would be sorry to me.
 through this election, china has ensured that hong kong is a legal system under the hong kong economy.
 it seems that, despite the author's intention to use this procedure, they did not use it.
 " it's not to go to the new area, " he said.
 the results of the results will be issued in july.
 in the 1940s, johnson's works were more than half a century.
 however, madam president, the bill submitted today to this council has a great deal of doubt that the bill will be implemented within the transitional period.
 on this 3, shafi was arrested by the new zealand via los angeles on the 3 of this month.
 the financial secretary, mr antony leung, presented the economic outlook for 2003 and the future hong kong economy.
 economy also relied on energy resources, particularly natural gas and processing.
 some experts expressed the view that statistics had not been fully reflected in the size of the problem.
 therefore, we have to take into account the needs of different types of different types.
 since 1978, when china's implementation of economic reforms in 1978, there was a chaotic price for foreign exchange.
 in the context of the shanghai forum, bikekei group has been established.
 at the same time, the united nations must also recognize that its fundamental foundations have also changed.
 " we will continue to persuade young people to have adverse effects on health.
 part of the outcomes, as follows: in addition to religions, social studies, mathematics, mathematics, agricultural and reading material.
 the total revenue of this year's year will total $ 1020000, representing an increase of nearly 24<unk> of the total amount of $ 82565.
 these provisions should be given to the chinese side to discuss with the chinese side.
 non-monetary items in other currencies are assessed on the basis of the united nations operational exchange rate in other currencies.
 we also believe that the rapid establishment of the international criminal court is to promote respect for international law and human rights.
 in addition, we have more than two consecutive years in hong kong, " the spokesman said.
 after the incident, i know that the doctor's friends have expressed strong dissatisfaction with the parties concerned.
 " in order to reflect the latest land use proposals in the north-east lantau port, the spokesman said.
 this has led to bilateral negotiations at the stage.
 to that end, the member states must have assessed contributions on time, the level of equal and unconditional payment.
 information kept in the central register of establishments is updated on a quarterly basis. updated information in respect of the 2 quarter of 1999 is now available.
 for more than half a century, mankind has been living in fear of life in the world.
 he said that, in order to address these problems, a cabinet was established by the prime minister.
 in all cases, it would be necessary to wait for the period 2003-04 for the period 2003-04. the longer the longer the longer will be allowed.
 there is no other group of other groups.
 the behaviour of behaviour is comparable to a serious violation of the geneva conventions.
 2. the key accounting policy of the financial statements is to be described as a summary of the financial statements.
 among them, there will be heavy rain in the south of yunnan.
 the government and the people of the comoros are condolences to the families of the israeli government to the israeli government.
 undp has not yet been conducting a plan to make donors the structure of the undp structure.
 in 2000, the bureau was chaired by the delegations of the delegation of the two delegations of the two delegations of the united nations.
 ohchr will promote the development of the right to development into the centre of strategic, planning, policy and operational activities.
 the vocational training council is currently holding an average of 70 examinations for an average of 70,000 candidates.
 after the culprit escaped, the culprits entered the victim's sleeping.
 the administration has announced today today.
 for example, the pesticides have already been set out in phase iii, but they were very late.
 " it is important that the peace process should continue, and it should be possible to work and employment.
 the volume of printing has been systematically reduced by 30 per cent.
